So I created a new project, Jack Trivia, and nothing is new here as you see an activity composed by
hello and all the same thing, all the boilerplate code that we get when we create a new compose project.
So I would like you to go and create a new project and name whatever you want, but I would prefer your
name to trivia or something similar to that.
I've set up the project already.
That way, you don't have to really deal with dependencies, at least the basic dependencies.
So if you tap the build.gradle, the app Gradle notice, I've added a few things here you can see at
the top of the dagger hilt, right?
Because we're going to be using dependency injection in this section.
And of course, I have the codling capped as well added there in our plugins.
And if you scroll down, will see a few things that have added already.
So I have this Cortines, all of these dependencies that are needed, right?
I have this whole routine lifecycle scopes that are added as well, and I have the dagger hilt.
This one is top and a few other implementations for capped to cats there and so forth.
So this is what we need so that we are at least set up for a dagger hilt dependency and so forth, as
well as co-writing scopes and Cortines in general.
OK, now I understand there is a lot of things here, but one of the things that I've put together,
in fact, for all of the projects we are going to build or build, depending whether you've been following
us along all of the projects, you can find them in my on my GitHub accounts.
Peter shown in this case, I go to jet trivia.
You can go to our app, right to go to this jet trivia app.
You can see who have built their Gradle, and you should see exactly what I just showed you.
So this is the plugins that we have there and all the dependencies.
So I would really encourage you to come here and and copy all of this as it is at this point, so that
you don't have to type yourself all of these dependencies.
I encourage you to do that and make sure everything is correct.
And of course, depending on when you're watching this video, these version may be higher.
That's fine.
And just go ahead and update them.
OK.
Hopefully, that doesn't break your code.
If does, then we can address that.
But that is what I wanted to show you.
If I go to the actual below Gradle for the project, you'll see that I had this helt version 239.
So at the time of this recording, that is the version again, maybe higher so you change accordingly.
And the compose version is one that oh, that four OK.
And also made sure to add remember, this is a different building Gradle.
This is not the app.
This is the module.
We added.
I should have changed this to one five four two one or higher, depending on when you're watching this.
And you may most likely also have to change the version of the tools.
Build Gradle there.
OK.
And make sure, most importantly, you have to pass this class path for dagger hilt to work as well.
Very important.
All of that can be found.
Of course, if you go back to our app, in this case, I want to go back just to trivia because I need
to get to the Gradle.
Let's see this build a Gradle and you can see exactly what I'm talking about.
So for added these compose and health version, as well as the class path here for dagger built a section.
Make sure you do that, so you have a good starting point.